Add documentation explanation for Auto Import (#111)
laminas/laminas-servicemanager-migration: docs/book/v1/intro.md

};
```

> Rector works with all class names as fully qualified by default.In the most projects, that's not a desired behavior, because short version with use statement is easier to read.

Reviewer: > …is easier to read.

This should be avoid because it is easier for you or me does not mean that it is easier for everyone else.

```suggestion
Rector works with fully qualified class names by default.
But most projects and coding standards use imported class names instead, like [laminas-coding-standard](https://docs.laminas.dev/laminas-coding-standard/).
```

> To import FQCN, configure rector.php with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To import fully qualified class name (FQCN), configure rector.php with:
```

```php
$rectorConfig->importNames();
```

> If you want to make renamed class type hint to use short name with import its fully qualified ot use statement, you may use `SetList::LAMINAS_SERVICEMANGER_40_AUTO_IMPORT` set list that utilize `$rectorConfig->importNames()` on it, so the `rector.php` config will be as follow:

Reviewer: Unfortunately, I don't understand the sentence or what the statement is. I will work out another proposal.

Author: Ok, I can close this PR for now so we can use yours :)

Reviewer: > …so we can use yours…

Which one? :man_shrugging:

Author: When you have time to propose it, I believe you have better wording for it 👍

Reviewer: Why did you delete the branch? All you had to do was explain what you wanted to say, then we would have found a suitable wording.

Author: That's already explained in the diff, while you can write a better word in separate PR per your said before. I just want to reduce my waiting list PR.

I can restore the branch, re-open PR, and commit your suggestion if you have better paragraph replacement.

Thank you.

Reviewer: > I just want to reduce my waiting list PR.

But this does not solve the actual problem.

> …if you have better paragraph replacement.

I don't know what you are trying to say or what is happening there. I need an explanation in order to be able to create a suitable wording.

Author: You said you will work out another proposal, so I guess you had better wording already in mind :)

Reviewer: _Help me out, otherwise I can't help you!_

What is happening? Why is `SetList::LAMINAS_SERVICEMANGER_40_AUTO_IMPORT` needed or better than `$rectorConfig->importNames()` or should both be used?

Author: The `SetList::LAMINAS_SERVICEMANGER_40_AUTO_IMPORT` include the base `LAMINAS_SERVICEMANGER_40` which auto import enabled. 

There is no better or worst, just a shortcut (1 statement vs multi).

 user can directly use `$rectorConfig->importNames();` after if they want.

Reviewer: What is the recommended way? I think `$rectorConfig->importNames();`, as documented in the official documentation: https://getrector.com/documentation/import-names

So `SetList::LAMINAS_SERVICEMANGER_40_AUTO_IMPORT` is only _nice to have_ and because it corresponds to the coding standard of Laminas. Right?

Author: Yeah, `$rectorConfig->importNames()` probably better, but since Rector still version 0.*, anything can changed about the name.

The `SetList::LAMINAS_SERVICEMANGER_40_AUTO_IMPORT` is a shortcut in case user don't want to type multi statements in config, also safer as the config call already included.
